Lookup: Describe itemCenteringEnabled (#1041)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxLookup/1 Configuration/itemCenteringEnabled.md

---
id: dxLookup.Options.itemCenteringEnabled
type: Boolean
default: false, true (Material)
---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether to center the drop-down menu on the selected item. Applies only in [Material Design themes](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/).

Reviewer: I really don't understand the first sentence. Does it mean something like 'Specifies whether to align the drop-down menu on center of the selected item? Or did I get it wrong?

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to vertically align the drop-down menu so that the selected item is in its center. Applies only in [Material Design themes](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/).
```
